A total of 487 people consumed it.
You said the total service budget, right?
Correct total service budget.
OK, I'll go over and pay the bill again. Okay okay.
You wait a moment, I will go over and buy the order. Hello, pay the bill.
Oops, what did your husband do?
Looks like a good use of money. No,
He is just an ordinary person. how is it possible,
His temperament couldn't be called ordinary.
Far away, you have a little secret
Are you afraid that I will rape your rich man?
How is it possible?
He doesn't even have a job now
Do you still rely on me to support you?
How could he be a rich man? You support him, right?
Did you buy the wallet just now?
What happened to the wallet
He just took that wallet
But Barbre's
The official quotation is 18,000 yuan